DIG-1555 & DIG-1595: Update deployment documentation (#707)
CanDIG/CanDIGv2: docs/production-candig.md

# Guide to CanDIG production deployments

Apart from the basic steps in the [CanDIGv2 Install Guide](install-candig.md) to get the candig stack up and running, there are additional settings and security recommendations that need to set up in a production level environment. We provide the following as general advice, but it is important for all CanDIG deployers to also consult with their institutional infrastructure security personnel to ensure that their deployment meets the necessary level of data security.

## Reverse Proxy & Firewall

It is essential to setup a reverse proxy and firewall so that only specific ports are open to the internet. The software used for this is up to the deployer and is considered outside of the CanDIG stack. 

> Basically, the only ports that should be available are to tyk (443) and keycloak (80).

Reviewer: This might be me being very dumb, but isn't keycloak 8080? or do we redirect to that?

Author: I have seen different things in different docs and I don't understand the difference. @OrdiNeu ?

Author: Would be good to have confirmation whether or not this is correct

Some specific examples of how existing institutes have approached this are below.

### HAProxy - UHN & BCGSC

At UHN, the candig.uhnresearch.ca domain is under a proxy, so requests to a specific service go through the following stack:

```
[ CLIENT ] ---> | HTTPS | ---> [ UHN PROXY ] ---> | HTTP | ---> [ CANDIG_PROD / TYK ] ---> | HTTP | ---> [ CANDIG_DATA_SERVICES ]
```

> Specifically, the UHN proxy forwards all candig.uhnresearch.ca and candigauth.uhnresearch.ca requests (all ports) to candig1:5080 (tyk) and candig1:8080 (keycloak) respectively, thereby acting as a firewall.  All CanDIGv2 microservices can only be accessed through Tyk.

Reviewer 2: It technically only forwards on https connections -- conenctions on port 80 redirect to 443, and it otherwise doesn't respond to most other ports.
```suggestion
Specifically, the UHN proxy forwards all candig.uhnresearch.ca and candigauth.uhnresearch.ca requests (port 443) to candig1:5080 (tyk) and candig1:8080 (keycloak) respectively, thereby acting as a firewall.  All CanDIGv2 microservices can only be accessed through Tyk.
```

### OpenStack security group & nginx - C3G

>  OpenStack security group that allows access to ports 80 and 443 acts as a Firewall.

Reviewer 3: Minor, but I'd rephrase to:
An OpenStack security group is applied as a firewall that allows ingress traffic to ports 80 and 443 only.

Author: Thanks for the feedback, I have reworded as suggested.

```

3. Set the role of the real user to a site admin with the following curl command:

```bash
curl -X POST $CANDIG_URL'/ingest/site-role/admin/email/<YOUR-EMAIL-ADDRESS>' -H 'Authorization: Bearer '$TOKEN
```

4. Check the role assignment was successful by verifying the following command returns `True`:

```bash
curl -X GET $CANDIG_URL'/ingest/site-role/admin/email/<YOUR-EMAIL-ADDRESS>' -H 'Authorization: Bearer '$TOKEN
```

5. Delete the default site admin user using your new real user site admin token

```bash
CURL_OUTPUT=$(curl -s --request POST \
  --url $KEYCLOAK_PUBLIC_URL'/auth/realms/candig/protocol/openid-connect/token' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
  --data grant_type=password \
  --data client_id=$CANDIG_CLIENT_ID \
  --data client_secret=$CANDIG_CLIENT_SECRET \
  --data username=<YOUR-EMAIL-ADDRESS> \
  --data password=<YOUR-PASSWORD> \
  --data scope=openid)
```

```bash
export TOKEN=$(echo $CURL_OUTPUT | grep -Eo 'access_token":"[a-zA-Z0-9._\-]+' | cut -d '"' -f3)
```

```bash
curl -X GET $CANDIG_URL'/ingest/site-role/admin/email/site_admin@test.ca' -H 'Authorization: Bearer '$TOKEN
```

> ## Connecting Keycloak to institutional LDAP

Author: Is there any generic information we could add here for how people can connect their LDAP to keycloak? @OrdiNeu @SonQBChau ?
